To create our RowMapper I'm going to first exit full screen
and make sure that my server has stopped.
Then I'm going to right click on our com.
Pluralsight.
repository and say New Package.
These don't have to be in their own package,
but to reduce clutter I like to put a util package underneath my repository,
so that'll be com.
Pluralsight.
repository.
util and we'll click Finish.
Now from here we can go ahead and say New Class and we can put in a
name of RideRowMapper and we can add an interface.
And we want to use the RowMapper interface and make
sure you choose the one from org.
springframework.
jdbc.
core.
You'll oftentimes have two show up, as you can see here on my screen,
one for swing and one for jdbc.
core.
We want to use the jdbc.
Let's click OK and click Finish and now it's going to
ask us what type we want in here.
Let's change that to Ride.
And rather than type all of this out,
we can actually go into our RideRepositoryImpl and copy this
out of the code that we had just created.
So we have our @Override method that we can copy in
here and that's just in our getRides,
and go back to our RideRowMapper and paste that in.
It should automatically do all of our imports for us and you can see it
looks just like the anonymous inner class that we did.
Now we can go back and change our RideRepository to use this RowMapper.
So we can come down here and after that comma delete everything but that
closing parenthesis and semicolon and say new RideRowMapper,
and since it is in a separate package you will have to import it,
and it should add the parenthesis on the end,
if not you'll need to do that,
and then save that and you'll see that we have our open close parenthesis on
there that has now changed our implementation from an anonymous inner class
to an external class for that RideRowMapper.
Now we can exit full screen, start our server up,
once that starts ups we can go back to our RideControllerTest,
scroll down to our GetRides, right click on it,
and say Run As Unit Test again and see that our unit test came
back successful and we can verify that by looking at the results
and that we have our green code.
Now let's go ahead and work on changing our create ride to now
return an object rather than just what we had originally defined not coming from the database.